On Fiji's Modriki's Island,
Byung Man's Tribe tried to survive as in the film "Cast Away".
(They tried to survive without any tool.)
Thanks to the veteran and rookie members' combined efforts,
they survived on their first spot.
Part two of their survival begins in a picturesque place.
One team went to Navua River where the second "Anacondas" was filmed,
and another team went to survive on Yasawa Islands...
where "The Blue Lagoon" was filmed.
(They will survive as two separate teams.)
And veteran member Jong Hyuk has a special mission.
Would they be able to face the Mother Nature...
and end their trip safely?
(4 members arrive at their 2nd survival zone.)
It looks great.
Let's go.
Welcome to your second survival zone.
Thank you. This is great.
We have equipment now,
so we have everything we can ask for.
- Please put your backpacks down. - Why?
(Are they getting their backpacks taken away again?)
I won't get fooled again.
Come here.
(Come here.)
He's really angry right now.
The river you see behind you is...
Navua River where the film "Anacondas" was shot.
- Really? Here? - Yes.
Are there anacondas here then?
So this survival will take place by this river.
- Sorry? - What?
(We need to survive by this river?)
Do you remember this?
In the movie, the characters have bloody battles with giant anacondas.
It's Navua River where "Anacondas" part two was filmed.
(Navua River was the setting for the film.)
Will Byung Man's Tribe be able to survive here?
It's another movie.
(You can never let your guard down in the jungle.)
We have all the equipment...
- so let's build a shelter first. - Okay.
We can hunt too.
- Let's build a shelter. - I feel prepared.
Chae Kyung, give us some energy.
- Sung Hoon, look at her. - Okay.
Let's have a fun time.
Let's go, The Law of Jungle.
(That was too much.)
- Let's go. - Let's do this.
- Let's go. - Go.
- Let's go. - I feel energized. Let's go, April.
- I feel energized. - Stop lying.
You're so cute.
(The tropical rain forest is completely different from the sea.)
I'm tired.
What's this?
- Coconut? - It's a coconut.
It's big.
I have a good feeling.
The tree is low, so I think we can get it.
It's doable.
Those are helpful for building shelters. We can lay it down.
We can build a roof too.
(Woo Jin surveys the area.)
(It seems more plentiful than the sea.)
The environment seems nicer.
I agree. There's more to eat.
This tree is pretty.
- It's pretty. - Right?
Look at the color.
(Spathodea is a plant with edible seeds. Its leaves are medicinal.)
I hear birds chirping.
We can eat them too.
It seems more plentiful than the sea.
Look. It's all soil now.
As you go deeper into the forest, the soil doesn't dry,
so that's the difficult part.
(They start to get tense as the environment changes.)
- It's slippery. - It's started.
You might get hurt so please be careful.
- Yes. - Yes.
(They start seeing more bugs as well.)
There are a lot of bugs.
I haven't seen bugs for a while.
There are so many bugs.
(Is this place suitable for their survival?)
Hold on.
This tree is huge.
These trees are way bigger.
(The environment keeps on changing every moment.)
- These trees are huge. - They're scary.
I wonder how old they are.
They're probably a few hundred years old.
This is the Amazon.
I think there will be a lot of mosquitoes.
I don't like places like these.
Water is so much better. I really don't like this.
Me too. There are bugs.
There are so many bugs.
(Can they survive when there are so many trees, bugs, and mud?)
It's so crowded.
Do you think we can find a spot to sleep?
Where should we build a shelter, Sung Hoon?
- An area? - Should we go by the water...
or near the woods?
Isn't the water better? The woods...
It's a valley.
It's clean.
Right?
What's this? Is this a pathway?
It might be better to catch fish here than the sea.
I agree. Are there shrimps here?
Shrimps? There are shrimps in fresh water.
- Right? - Yes.
Do you think there will be fish here, Sung Hoon?
We can make a harpoon and catch fish.
We can,
but it's not easy to catch fish.
It's difficult in areas like these.
- What? - It's a waterfall.
(There's a waterfall?)
- It's a waterfall. - That's amazing.
This is amazing.
(They start to hurry up.)
- It's huge. - It's tall.
(There's really a waterfall.)
This is no joke.
- It's huge. - It's amazing.
It's the biggest fall I've ever seen.
It's tall.
It's beautiful.
(It's a 40m tall waterfall in Navua River.)
This is a movie.
- I approve. - It's beautiful.
(It's 40m tall and 10m wide.)
It's beautiful.
(They are amazed by its size.)
(The water drops from a 40m height.)
This is no joke.
("Nature and books belong to all who see them." by Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Don't you want to go under it?
Can we build our shelter here?
- I think it's okay. - The ground...
might be a bit uneven.
This won't overflow, right?
- It won't. - As long as it doesn't rain.
- Let's stay here then. - If it rains, it'll cover this.
- There won't be any bugs. - But the rain...
Right?
- We can keep going. Should we try? - Shall we?
Let's try it first. We'll consider this an option.
- Let's keep it as an option. - We know now.
Let's keep it.
Let's go first.
- There might be something more. - Let's keep going first.
- Let's go. - This is an option.
(This is their potential spot.)
Sung Hoon's team has a potential survival zone in mind.
They are hopeful that the conditions will get even better...
and they move towards the falls.
Will they find their utopia?
(Monuriki Island)
Meanwhile, the three rookie members...
move towards Yasawa Islands on the northwest side of Fiji.
You've watched The Law of Jungle a lot, right? We can do it.
I'm not confident without the Chief.
Me neither.
This is the island we'll be surviving on.
It's a film from the 80s so you may not know this...
- We don't know. - What is it?
It's a film called "The Blue Lagoon" with Brooke Shields.
- "The Blue Lagoon"? - Isn't it really sexual?
- Did they film it here? - Yes.
- Here? - Here?
("The Blue Lagoon" is a film about two people who survive a shipwreck,)
(and grow to love each other while surviving on an uninhabited island.)
(This is Brooke Shields when she was 14.)
(Yasawa Islands was the setting of the film.)
(Try to survive like me.)
- Is it a romance film? - Right. I remember.
Why did you leave the three of us here then?
- What do you think? - When the three of us left,
- I wasn't afraid of anything. - Exactly.
I thought we wouldn't need the veteran members but now...
- This is depressing. - Now that we're here...
- What are you and I going to do? - I wish we had Woo Jin.
- I know. - Right?
- It's better to have him. - I wish he was here.
We have no clue.
(He's worried.)
Who do you think is suitable as the chief?
Who do you want the chief to be?
I don't think there's anyone here who can be the chief.
We need one person to give orders.
(What is this hint I'm getting?)
(He appeals with his eyes.)
- Sure, you can do it. - Really?
(There you go.)
Okay.
It doesn't mean anything.
- I always wanted to do this. - Really?
(He wants to be the center.)
- Chief. - Sure.
- Chief. - We trust you.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
- I'm starving. - Let's go get lobsters.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's get it.
Let's look for a suitable spot to build a shelter.
- That's right. - Here?
We can use this as a harpoon.
- That looks good. - Okay.
I hate that I have to look for these as I'm walking.
- I hate it. - You're adapting.
We can put a knife on this. Good.
Here's the firewood.
This will burn well.
- It's all firewood here. - How so?
- There are so many of them. - They're mine. Don't touch them.
- Let's go around. - Let's go in.
- That's so pretty. - I think...
this is a good spot.
It's not windy here, so we'll be able to light a fire.
- Right? - This is a good spot.
This is good.
(Did Roy decide on a good spot?)
This is totally our shelter.
(It's shady and flat.)
This is good.
- Here. - I'll buy this land.
- You'll buy it? - This is exactly it.
(They decide on a spot.)
- I think this is good. - It's good.
- Okay. - Let's do this then.
The tide is rising now...
There will be fish drifting towards shore.
There will be fish drifting towards here,
so we can look close by. Before the sun sets...
(Roy is saying everything I was going to.)
We should find something in the sea.
- Let's... - I'll light a fire first.
Da Rae, you can survey the area.
- We'll build a house... - See if there is anything.
I'll light a fire first.
I'm the Crab Man, so I'll look for crabs.
(Why is Roy moving as soon as the other two are gone?)
There are so many ants, so I think we need to move.
Here...
(He's shocked.)
They are disappearing.
(Bingo)
Why are there less of them here?
(Roy is the real power here.)
This is it.
(He decides to move the shelter.)
There are no bugs here.
Why not? They're right next to each other.
I think this is it.
I didn't know I'd use this.
Inside...
(He even brought a fish trap.)
I need to put in something smelly to attract them.
I don't know what I'd be needing in the jungle.
I'm sure we're going to be catching fish.
Byung Man makes his own fish net,
but I don't have that kind of talent so I bought one.
Are there clams?
(He's prepared to survive.)
Maybe I can crush them and put it in here.
(He has a solid plan.)
Fish might smell the intestines and come.
(He has one weakness.)
They'll slide in like this.
(He sometimes loses his mind.)
(It's ugly Roy Kim again.)
- This is great. - What's this?
- That's good. - It's useful.
Inside this...
Once they go in, they can't get out.
- Right. - For that to be possible,
we need to catch something small like clams...
and crush them. They'll smell the intestines.
- Is this where the bait goes? - Yes, it goes there.
Shall we look for some intestines?
- It's quite useful. - Let's put it in now.
- Okay. - Let's put in the intestines.
(Are there going to be gastropods?)
Catch small gastropods here.
(I can't just stand around.)
There are a lot of crabs...
between the cracks.
- Really? - Yes.
- Are they big? - They're around this big.
It's slippery. There are so many here.
- There are so many fish. - They are at least this big.
- Let me see. - Really?
- Let me see. - They all ran away.
- I want to see too. Where? - They ran away.
(She glances around.)
- What was it? - Then...
Hold on. Don't move.
(It's a big, red stone crab.)
What's that? You scared me.
(It's time for Dindin to show his skills.)
I'm your Crab...
- What's that? - What?
(It doesn't move.)
I'm your Crab... What's that?
(It startled him.)
(Shaking)
- What's that? - What is that?
What is it?
Hey, what's that?
- It's dried out. - What's that?
(He embarrassed himself.)
That shocked me.
(They can't breathe.)
That was hilarious.
(These are bones.)
That hurt my belly.
- That hurt my belly. - That startled me.
- It dried out. - It did.
How can it die like this?
There are a lot of crabs down there. They're not here.
There are a lot down there.
That startled me.
You startled me.
That scared me. I'm sorry.
They don't have great survival skills,
but these three are entertaining. Good luck to you all.
Meanwhile, Jong Hyuk has a hidden mission...
and he's sailing to the open sea.
(Jong Hyuk is sailing away for a hidden mission.)
(He looks around.)
He looks very nervous.
What kind of a mission is it?
To tell you simply,
I have to feed the sharks.
(He has to feed the sharks.)
Sharks are the biggest predators of the sea.
(Sharks are the strongest creatures in the water.)
They look fearsome with their huge bodies...
and sharp teeth.
They sometimes even attack humans.
He has to feed them?
There are various types of sharks...
inhabiting the neighboring seashore.
When people usually feed them,
they go in a cage.
But there are no cages here?
It's a challenging mission where he has to feed the sharks...
with his hands.
Will he be able to see the sharks in front of him...
as in the movie "Jaws"?
Jong Hyuk, we wish you luck.
(He's in charge of Byung Man's mission...)
(since he's a certified diver.)
Come in this way.
You have to follow this line...
all the way to the end. I'll be with you down there.
- Follow this line. - Yes. Follow this line.
Right?
(Jong Hyuk looks very nervous.)
I'd be lying if I said I'm not scared.
I don't know. Who won't be scared?
(He tries to act calm.)
(Sighing)
(He stays calm as he gets ready.)
Are you ready?
Yes.
I don't know.
(He keeps sighing.)
(Do you think you can do it?)
Yes... I'm nervous.
(He usually doesn't get nervous.)
See you later.
(He overcomes his fear and dives in the water.)
(Here comes the jungle veteran.)
(He holds on to the rope and descends smoothly.)
(He starts diving.)
(He looks for sharks...)
(somewhere deep within...)
(the quiet sea.)
(He keeps on descending.)
(He reaches the 25m point.)
(Shark feeding is done at 25 to 30m level where sharks inhabit.)
(You must be a certified diver and receive safety training.)
(Are the sharks not here yet?)
(Please follow me.)
(Okay, I'll come.)
(Jong Hyuk follows the expert.)
(There's the fear of the unknown...)
(but without the Chief, he stepped up to represent the Tribe.)
(What will he see?)
(There are hundreds of fish in the sea.)
It was awesome.
At that moment,
I relaxed.
(He relaxes over the splendid sight in front of him.)
(Jong Hyuk's camera)
(Come here. Let's play.)
(This is unbelievable.)
(He looks around.)
(Where are the sharks?)
(Is this a puzzle game?)
(The expert takes position.)
(He opens the box with food in it.)
(There aren't even sharp fins anywhere.)
(Would he have to go back up without seeing any sharks?)
(At that moment)
(What is that gigantic creature?)
(It's a shark.)
(It finally shows itself.)
(His eyes open wide.)
(It's a shark.)
(The sharks swim amongst other fish.)
(It looks ginormous even from far away.)
(He tenses up again.)
The sharks...
(It's not just one. A swarm of sharks come near them.)
I don't know what kind of sharks they are,
but it was pitch dark at that water depth.
There were sharks swarming about.
(They are the frightening creatures seen in films.)
(Shivering)
(Will Jong Hyuk be able to complete the mission?)
This is nice.
(Sung Hoon's team arrives by the fall.)
Listen to that.
(Exclaiming)
This is amazing, Sung Hoon.
(They are amazed by the Mother Nature.)
This is amazing.
(At the end of Navua River is a beautiful scenery.)
It's so refreshing.
(It's even more splendid close up.)
(His jaws drop.)
This is no joke.
Doesn't it feel like we turned on a giant humidifier?
How deep do you think this is?
(The water falls at 40m height.)
Look. This is no joke.
(The water falls majestically.)
(It's nature's humidifier.)
It's refreshing.
Isn't this the biggest fall you've seen?
It is.
We have to go under a fall like this.
That's what we do.
- Isn't it close? - It is.
Should we walk up to it?
Is it dangerous to go under it?
It's not.
It's stronger on top.
We can't go there, but we can go to the bottom.
- It looks strong too. - No, we can do it.
- We can do it. - We can really do it.
- Can you do it? - I can. I'm certain.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
- You can go first. - Please go first.
Should I? Let's try it. It's going to be so refreshing.
Are you sure?
This is amazing.
We're going to stand under the fall.
You can do it.
Choo Sung Hoon!
- Choo Sung Hoon! - Choo Sung Hoon!
Sa Rang is watching.
(Sa Rang, I'll be back.)
- "Let's go, Daddy." - "Let's go, Daddy."
Let's go.
(This is a dad's power.)
- You can do it. - Let's go.
(He walks towards the giant fall.)
- Be careful. - Be careful.
You can do it.
He's going.
(Let's go, Chief Choo.)
(Sung Hoon looks tiny in front of the falls.)
(Welcome to a 40m fall.)
(Here he goes.)
(Swaying)
(The strong water current makes him sway.)
(He keeps on going.)
(The water pressure is high and it's quite windy.)
(Let's go, Chief Choo.)
(Will he be able to...)
(go under the rough falls?)
(He's nervous.)
(I am...)
(Choo Sung Hoon.)
(He gets past the rough water current...)
(and enters the falls.)
(Chief Choo made it.)
(He's amazing.)
Come in.
(Underneath the falls is...)
(a small space.)
(He feels refreshed.)
It's great.
(Inside the giant waterfall is...)
(a totally different world.)
(He determines to survive.)
(I can do anything now.)
It's a different world in here.
This is great.
(There's a circular rainbow that the falls created.)
(It's a special experience of a lifetime.)
Now...
(He gets back to the outside.)
(He takes caution not to slip.)
- Sung Hoon. - There's a rainbow.
- What? - There's a rainbow.
- Right? - Rainbows...
are supposed to be circular.
- It's not a semi-circle? - It's not.
It's supposed to be circular.
You can see it there.
(There's a circular rainbow in front of the waterfall.)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's stand under the falls and take its energy...
for a great day.
- You can do it. - I'll go.
(Let's go, Woo Jin.)
(Chief Noh heads towards the falls.)
Let's go.
(Exclaiming)
(He keeps on exclaiming.)
I'm scared.
(He's scared but he'll do it.)
You can do it.
(Show us what you've got.)
(I can do it.)
The Law of Jungle.
(He chants "The Law of Jungle".)
(The waterfall is waiting for me.)
(This is The Law of Jungle.)
It's so cold.
(Falling)
(The water keeps on coming.)
(He has to get past it.)
(The cameraman is struggling too.)
I'm dazed. It wakes me up.
(You look dazed.)
It's so refreshing.
(I belong to the jungle.)
You did it.
(We respect you, Chief Noh.)
(He does it like a man and slides down carefully.)
- It's no joke. - Is it nice?
It woke me up.
(Try it for yourself.)
It's a different world.
(It makes you forget about the reality.)
It wakes you up.
- Is it refreshing? - Yes.
- Go. - Shall I?
You can do it.
You can go together.
(Chae Kyung and Jae Hyun give it a try.)
It's slippery.
I'm cold already.
(The cute idol stars...)
(approach the falls.)
It looks like a scene from a film.
It's so slippery.
(They rely on each other and take small steps.)
It looks like "Love Story".
- It looks nice. - They are the main characters.
They'll go inside the falls...
(Screaming)
(What on earth is happening to them?)
The waterfall is so strong.
(Unable to endure the waterfall,)
(these two have fallen.)
(Gosh, this waterfall is no joke.)
Be careful.
(He's worried.)
(Chae Kyung gets up as she helps Jae Hyun up.)
- Hey, this is so strong. - This is no joke.
- The waterfall is too rough. - Be careful!
Let me go before you.
Hey!
(Jae Hyun walks into the waterfall first.)
- Hey, this is too strong. - I can't see.
I can't see you.
(Chae Kyung can't penetrate into the waterfall.)
Chae Kyung, you can do this!
- Go for it! - Okay.
(Jae Hyun reaches out his arm for Chae Kyung.)
(With the help of Jae Hyun,)
(she walks into the waterfall penetrating a shroud of water.)
This is incredible.
(Now that they're inside,)
(it truly looks like a scene from a film.)
Chae Kyung!
Jae Hyun!
You looked so cool!
(They naturally break into laughter inside the waterfall.)
It's amazing in here.
(Jae Hyun is full of smiles.)
(Chae Kyung looks innocent.)
It's so refreshing though.
(They're a good-looking couple straight out of a comic book.)
- It's way better than I imagined. - It is indeed.
It's so strong.
(Worries disappear inside the waterfall during that moment.)
(It'll certainly be an unforgettable memory for these two youngsters.)
- How are we going to get out? - I was thinking the same.
(Let's venture out for our survival now.)
Hold this.
(It's special time to relax...)
(only the jungle can provide.)
- Let's go! 1, 2. - 1, 2.
(They jump into the waterfall since it's a once-in-a-life-time chance.)
(Making a fuss)
This is amazing!
(They are just like little kids playing with water.)
Hey, stop. No! Don't do it.
When I was there, I felt all my burden has been lifted.
It was so refreshing. I loved it.
When I saw the water falling down from the top,
all the trouble I've been having was gone.
I was genuinely happy.
I felt as if the waterfall was poured inside my body.
It felt cool and refreshing.
At least for that moment, I forgot about how hard this survival was.
I just thought it was like a scene from a film.
(A scene from an action film?)
I've never seen such a huge waterfall as this one.
So I truly enjoyed it.
A part of me wants to show the waterfall to my daughter...
to prove her that I've been to such a huge waterfall as this one.
(When my daughter grows up, I want to bring her here.)
After they experience the waterfall shower, they dive into the water.
(They dive 4m above the ground.)
They put behind their struggling moments of the survival briefly.
The Tribe loses themselves into the nature.
Isn't it the best way to relax which is only available in the jungle?
With this cold water shower, they're more eager to survive in the jungle.
Anyhow, you should start your survival now.
Goodness, look. So many things are stuck over there.
I think we're going to have a feast today.
Isn't that too small?
- We should gather a lot of this. - Okay.
(Roy and Da Rae are looking for bait for the fish trap.)
And then we can crack them with rocks.
- Food is inside. - I see.
Let's keep them. We have nothing to lose.
But how are we going to take the inside out?
- We can crack it. - If we have a thin wire,
we can poke the inside and get it out.
- But we don't have a wire. - We can find or make one.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go and take them out.
Let's crack them.
(They return to the base camp after gathering bait.)
(They have to prepare the gastropods.)
Do we have a big rock?
Do we have some kind of board? Hold on.
(Roy runs to the opposite side of the beach.)
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
(He picks up a plank, drifted to the beach.)
(I think this will do it.)
With this rock...
(He makes a cutting board using the the board and rocks for gastropods.)
Nice job.
(This smart guy gets better at surviving.)
(Meanwhile, Dindin is searching for crabs overcoming dead crabs.)
I think we can sleep here.
(The arch-shaped cave is cozy and comfortable.)
It's so warm in here.
Why is it warm in here?
What if the water floods back in?
You're right. I'll be dead.
But it's so warm in here.
I think it's warm because the sun beamed at it directly.
(If only there were no tides...)
Gosh, how can this be so warm?
That's a field swarming with crabs. There are tons.
Don't you agree?
The crabs are going somewhere.
I have to study their routes.
The crabs are heading that way.
Why are they gathering over there?
(He might end up going into the water.)
Why are they coming here?
Guys, why are you assembling here?
Tell me.
Okay. This is the spot. This is like the apartment complex.
There are so many crabs here.
I see. All the crabs are right here.
There are so many here.
Look.
That crab is quite big.
(The crabs are busy running away at the sight of Dindin.)
This is a prime location.
I should come back during dinner when they come out.
(He only checks the spot for now.)
I should come back when they're moving.
- Hey, I found it. - What did you find?
I found the gathering place the crabs reside in.
When they sleep, we can hunt over there.
Is this our base camp?
- Yes, that's it. - How are we going to build a house?
Hey, we have to make a fire first. Dindin.
- After spending time here, - Fire comes first?
fire is more important than a shelter.
- Let's make a fire then. - In order for us to do so...
What do we have to do?
(The roles are reversed.)
If you can bring me these firewoods...
- Okay, okay. I got it. - Use this.
Wasn't I the Chief?
(It seems the roles have been reversed.)
Roy, this isn't working.
It won't come out at all.
(Something is definitely wrong.)
With what can we make a fire?
What will burn?
We have to make this clear. I'm the Chief, right?
(He provokes Roy.)
- Of course, you are. - I knew it, right?
- Yes. - Should I bring the firewoods?
- Yes, please. - I'm on it.
(I hope I was the Chief)
(Well, we need the firewoods anyway.)
(The mixed fates of these two Chiefs)
(He tries to build his achievements as the Chief.)
But the ground here is weird.
There are so many dry trees.
Get all of them. We need them for our fuel.
I'm the Chief, but why do I feel like I'm being instructed?
There has to be something here.
(Meanwhile, Da Rae goes to the other side of the beach.)
I saw some things where the water wasn't deep.
These are better than nothing.
Let's take them.
If we literally have nothing to eat later,
I should go into the water.
When I go in at night,
it'd be easier to catch fish...
since the fish swim slower at night compared to the afternoon.
(Look forward to the gold medalist's hunting at night.)
What is this?
It's a clam.
Should I just pull out the whole tree?
(Meanwhile, Dindin is still looking for firewoods.)
(Can't I be the Chief?)
(Complaining)
(In this lifetime)
(Then can I be the Chief in my next life?)
Where should I start the fire?
Roy, I think it will be easy to start a fire.
The trees are all dried up.
They are incredible.
(King Roy enters.)
We picked the good spot. It's right next to a dead tree.
We can light the fire right here.
(He feels small whenever he faces Roy.)
What is this? Is this poop?
- I think it's... - Whose poop is this?
Doesn't it look like a goat's?
- Right? - Why is it here? It's upsetting.
I don't want to touch it with my hands.
The poop is the proof that animals are living here.
No, it means that animals just poop here...
where we'll sleep.
(Roy, I'm the Chief.)
(He has the absolute power.)
I think the fire will be quite big.
(Dindin has been trying to stay sane,)
(but his attempt is a complete failure.)
I'm going to light the fire at my first try.
(Roy is ready to start a fire.)
(It sparks right away.)
Sweet!
If I get all the trees around here, we'll have enough firewoods.
(Firewoods are taken care of...)
(and so is the tool thanks to Roy.)
But they can make a fire today since they have the fire steel, right?
On the other hand, the waterfall showers motivate Team Captain.
They're looking around to find a place for their shelter.
We were here earlier.
- This is... - This is the highest spot.
This is the highest spot from the ground.
We can even do our laundry here.
You're right. We can do that.
(It's a clean and open space with a valley flowing by.)
Should we set up here?
- Right here? - If we go into the forest,
- there will be tons of bugs. - That's true.
- He's right. - There will be a lot of bugs.
Let's cut bamboos and spread them out on the floor.
- Should we try that? - We can cover with leaves on top.
We can cut down the trees.
But isn't this the first time...
building a shelter somewhere like this?
- We've never done it. - No one has done it before, right?
- This is the first then. - Not even Byung Man had done it?
Then in this special, we've done a lot of things for the first time.
We slept without a fire. We barely ate.
- It's the first time. - Let's do this too, Sung Hoon.
We can teach the next guests who will appear on the show...
that they shouldn't build a shelter on a place like this.
We can show them that. Should Jae Hyun and I...
go and cut the bamboos?
- All right. - Yes, bring us some bamboos.
You can just cut the bamboos in halves.
The ax.
- That's great. - Great.
We can use our tools, right?
Of course! I brought it all the way here.
I like planning, organizing, and preparing before I go...
on a trip or somewhere.
I've seen the previous episodes.
It seemed I needed a lot of bare essentials.
- Did you buy this? - There is a hammer too.
(Ax and hammer are necessary for building a house.)
- An ax. - A knife.
An ax and a knife.
- Isn't this a fruit knife? - It is.
I brought it for fish.
Really?
(She packed thoroughly.)
Shall we set up a fish trap here?
(There are tools for hunting...)
Ta-da.
(as well as a pouch for fruits.)
You have all kinds of things.
I am glad you brought them.
(Even the veteran acknowledges...)
(Chae Kyung as the queen of preparations.)
- All right. - See you soon.
- We will be back. - Okay.
We don't have much time. Hurry up.
Do something while you wait, okay?
- We will be back. - I will do that.
(Don't worry about it.)
We should take a rest.
(Shall we take a rest?)
I am tired after playing around.
Shall we go over there and see if there are bananas?
- Over there. - There are bananas.
Where?
Bananas. I see green bananas.
They are on the tree.
- Really? - Yes.
Where?
Over there. It's hard to spot them because they are green.
- Are those bananas? I see them. - Yes.
- There are bananas. - You are right.
Let's go and get them.
- Gosh, it's cold. - It's cold.
(They go to get the bananas.)
- Where did we see them? - They are over there.
(Chae Kyung spots them right away.)
They are over there.
My goodness, there are bananas.
They are baby bananas. Are those bananas for monkeys?
(There is a hand of bananas not too high up from the ground.)
- They look tasty. - How will we get them?
(How will we get them?)
Bananas.
(They approach the bananas first.)
(He grabs the bottom of the hand of bananas.)
Be careful.
(He shows Herculean strength with one hand.)
(My goodness.)
(Relaxed and comfortable)
(She is impressed.)
It's heavy.
(The hand of bananas drops as soon as she receives it.)
(He is so strong.)
- Okay. - Banana, banana.
These bananas...
- aren't ripe. - Aren't they ripe?
- No, they aren't. - Then how do we eat them?
To eat them,
we need to build a fire.
It will take a long time to build a fire.
We should do that first.
Soon,
- the sun will set. - The sun will set.
With two men,
cutting down bamboo...
can be scary. I mean, it can be dangerous.
- I will go and check up on them. - Okay.
- I will be back. - Okay.
Okay. Give me a moment.
(He became a simple man.)
- I will be back. - See you soon.
I have never seen bamboos so tall.
They are really tall.
(They are looking for bamboos.)
They are too tall.
(They don't know what to do since the bamboos are so tall.)
All right.
I was determined to fill the gap Chief Byung Man left.
(The veteran's dignity shines in an emergency situation.)
(I will show you what I can do.)
(He pulls down the bamboo.)
- Shall we remove the branches? - Yes.
Push gently and pull powerfully.
(Staring)
(He clenches his teeth and puts his muscles into the task.)
(However, he still can't cut it.)
I am exhausted.
(They meet eyes awkwardly.)
Shall I try it?
(Jae Hyun steps forward enthusiastically.)
(Cutting)
(He removes a branch in 3 seconds.)
You are good.
(You are very good.)
(He saws calmly...)
I will bring more bamboos.
(and axes cleanly.)
All right.
(The veteran struggles while the newbie sails through.)
(Panting)
You are exhausted, too, right?
- You must be exhausted. - No, I am okay.
Really?
(I am the only one who is exhausted.)
- Have you used a saw or an ax? - No, I haven't.
- Is this your first time? - Yes, it is.
(He is a prodigy.)
You are good at it.
(He is a prodigy of cutting down the branches.)
Jae Hyun, you are good at it.
It took more than 10 minutes to come here.
How will you carry these bamboos back?
I came because the task would be hard for two people.
(In front of younger men, he is a charismatic man.)
(He begins to work as soon as he arrives.)
All right.
(Herculean strength)
You are the man.
You are so strong.
You are the strongest man I know.
Get out of the way.
(Throwing)
(He throws a thick bamboo as if it's a chopstick.)
(He is wrestling a big bamboo.)
Get out of the way.
(It's as big as an utility pole.)
You are on a different class.
(This is the class of Sung Hoon.)
That's a small tree.
(He carries it with one hand...)
(and throws it on the ground in a cool way.)
(The super powerful man of The Law of Jungle)
(He removes the branches in one shot.)
(Thanks to Sung Hoon's help, they finish getting bamboos.)
I think we have enough.
Would you be able to carry them?
Let's share the burden. 1 for Jae Hyun and 1 for me,
and the rest for you.
(Flustered)
It won't look good if I carry all of them back.
(It will look good if you carry most of them.)
- Don't you agree? - I do.
Try carrying them. Let's see how hard the task is.
Try carrying as many bamboos as you can.
One. Here. Catch it.
- Wait a minute. - Here you go.
- Here you go. - Wait a minute.
My goodness.
(He tosses another one.)
- Here is the third one. - Don't throw it.
My goodness.
You are so mischievous.
(This is a bonus.)
I can hold them.
- Go. - However, I can barely walk.
- Go sideways. - I will have to go like this.
There you go.
- Okay. - That's good.
(These bamboos are heavy.)
(He should have watched his words.)
That's all, right? Let's go.
(Even the bamboos can be heavy to carry alone.)
(Chae Kyung is alone.)
I can beat it with this.
I will do laundry at Fiji.
(Chae Kyung prepares to wash clothes by the running water.)
(She gets the members' dirty clothes.)
Wait a minute. I need to go where the current is weak.
(She begins to do the laundry without a detergent.)
Will it work?
I think it's working. The grime came off.
It's working.
(Beating)
(Working hard)
(Is that enough?)
It became clean, right? It was dirty before.
(She works like the mothers back in the days...)
This is how people did the laundry back in the days, right?
(who dipped their hands in cold water for their families.)
This is exhausting.
(Chae Kyung removes the evidence of survival.)
Since the weather is nice,
the clothes will dry soon.
It's hard to own a house.
(It's hard to own a house.)
(They return to the base.)
- My goodness. - Move out of the way.
- Be careful. - Be careful.
They are so heavy!
(Exhausted)
(Thank you for your hard work.)
- Those are the bananas. - I see.
- Have you tried it? - It's unripe.
Really?
(I am so hungry. I want to eat it.)
Isn't it still edible?
Wouldn't it taste bitter?
(The green banana definitely looks bitter.)
Chae Kyung, there hasn't been one thing...
- you found unsavory in the jungle. - No.
Do you want to try it?
(She puts it in her mouth without hesitation.)
It's unsavory.
Is it unsavory?
Yes.
(A bite makes him want to spit out.)
(It's really bitter.)
(Sung Hoon didn't see them eat the banana.)
Sung Hoon, do you want to try a banana?
- Try this. - That's not ripe.
- It's a bit sweet though. - Come.
(They exchange glances.)
Eat this and you'll be energized.
(Their mission is to deceive Sung Hoon.)
- Isn't it good? - It's really good.
It's really delicious.
(She acts sincere.)
It's sweet.
(Is it really delicious?)
- It's good. - It's a bit sweet.
- I know what it tastes like. - It's edible.
(Sung Hoon takes a bite.)
(Spitting)
It's not...
(Gagging)
(Laughing)
I knew it.
(If you knew it then why did you eat it?)
It's really bitter, isn't it?
We'll have to eat it cooked.
- We have to fry it. - Yes.
Now we have to build a shelter.
We'll stick four pillars and cover them with a roof.
- Do we have a rope? - Yes.
We do?
Let's go. The sun will set soon.
(Will they be able to build a shelter before the sunset?)
(Dindin and Roy are...)
This is it.
Honestly...
(Roy is trying to start a fire.)
(But...)
(his posture is...)
(like a taffy seller.)
Try the other side.
- This... - Bang it with that side.
(With the knife handle?)
(Don't they know how to use a fire steel?)
Sparks won't solve the problem.
(Dindin takes the fire steel.)
I think we should bring firewood and do this.
Let me try.
- Here I go. - Are you sure?
Here I go.
- I'll do it. - it's working.
(Arguing)
Wait a minute.
Wait. Don't throw it like that.
(It's Roy's turn again.)
(Lacking strength)
(Will it catch fire?)
Let's take a moment here.
Shall we look at...
how Jong Hyuk started a fire last night?
You have to scrape...
the spine of the knife down the length of the rod.
Hitting on it or making short strokes will not...
work at all.
(They don't know how to use the tool.)
Isn't this weird? Some parts work and some don't.
Is it cheaply made?
(There's nothing wrong with it.)
Usually...
(The cameraman tells them how to use it.)
- you flip it. - Flip this?
- No. - The blade.
Like you're sharpening a pencil...
You've sharpened a pencil before, right?
(How do you sharpen a pencil?)
Like this?
(My goodness.)
(The cameraman shows them a special demonstration.)
- Sir! - I mean...
you have to do it like you're sharpening a pencil.
(What is he trying to do?)
You shouldn't stroke it fast like you did.
- You can't do it that way. - Hey, if what he taught us...
doesn't get edited out, you'll be the bad guy.
(Gesturing)
- People will think this is how... - Wait a minute.
(This is the editing point.)
(We'll start over from here.)
- Hey, this... - This is...
Give it to me.
- This... - I know.
- I learned it too. - Like you'd sharpen a pencil,
- you push down like this. - I learned it.
Let's gather this a bit.
Yes, push the blade like you're sharpening a pencil.
(We learned how to use it, so let's do it right.)
(But there is only one fire steel.)
Let me try.
- Just this once. - Block the wind.
Aren't I the chief?
Let me try three times. Just three times.
I got it. It'll work this time.
It'll work now.
One. It's working.
(Dindin wants to try more.)
(Roy is counting the strikes.)
Go make a shelter.
(It's my turn!)
Get out of my way.
(They act like kindergartners.)
I'm the chief.
(Fanning)
(Dindin bothers Roy like a 4-year-old.)
Let me try just once, Roy.
(Dindin whines and Roy sulks.)
- You called me stupid. - Let's do this quickly.
(Kids, be nice to each other.)
Here I go.
(They keep trying.)
(A spark!)
(Finally, they sparked a fire!)
There!
- Don't blow on it. - We shouldn't blow on it?
- You have to leave it. - I know that.
(Sulky)
- He nags too much. - Good luck!
You're doing well.
(You can do it!)
Go do something else.
Why do you have to be here?
Because the one who makes a fire looks like the main character.
(Gosh, I was just thinking that.)
(These two kindergartners...)
(spent over an hour trying to make a fire.)
(They tried a few hundred times.)
(I'll be the one to start the fire.)
The sun is almost down, but we didn't even build a shelter.
Should I go get some food first?
- That's a good idea. - Okay.
I'll go get food then.
I gave you the chance to make a fire.
- I gave you the chance. - No, I gave you the chance.
Start a fire no matter what.
(Will Roy be able to build a fire on his own?)
The height will be... I think we need a saw.
- This much will be enough. - Yes.
- This? - Yes.
- We don't need this then? - This? No.
- We'll go with this length. - I know.
If you want that length, this won't be enough.
About this height...
- Yes, it's better that way. - Okay.
- We have to use it sparingly. - Okay.
(How will they build a shelter on a rock?)
- Okay. We'll use this. - Yes.
We'll set four posts upright...
and we'll tie four poles on top of them.
Then we'll put banana leaves on top as a roof.
It'll get dark soon.
(They're aiming to finish before it gets dark.)
We need to hurry.
They're building a shelter without Byung Man for the first time.
With their skills, they have no problem building it.
I wonder how the shelter will look like.
That's right.
- Let's get leaves. - Yes.
- The most... - Pretty ones.
We'll get pretty ones.
- Should we get this? - This one looks good.
The leaf is huge.
It's huge and there's no fruit.
I've never cut one before.
(He gets ready to strike.)
- Will this work? - Go for it.
(Hitting)
It's huge.
(One shot, one kill.)
You got it at one shot.
(Amazed)
I actually surprised myself after striking it.
(But he doesn't sound surprised.)
(He's emotionless like a terminator.)
It's really huge.
(Super size leaf)
- Awesome. - This is...
Each of us can have one.
- You're the man. - I'll get this.
(He cuts it clean so it can grow again.)
Great.
(He shows off his slicing skills.)
(He cuts everything with one strike.)
- Nice. - Good.
Nice.
Jae Hyun.
(Jae Hyun cuts and Chae Kyung stacks.)
(Perfect teamwork)
Will this be enough?
I think this is enough.
Let's go.
(They got enough banana leaves.)
Woo Jin and Sung Hoon will be happy.
(They're proud of themselves.)
What's this?
(Jae Hyun spots something.)
This?
(What's this?)
There's something green at the end.
(There are small green fruits.)
Is it hot pepper? It looks like jalapeno.
Can I try it?
(She tastes a little bit.)
- How is it? - Hot pepper. It's spicy!
(She reacts right away.)
Is it really spicy?
(The spicy capsaicin attacks!)
(Curious Jae Hyun takes a bite.)
Isn't it spicy?
(He doesn't react like Chae Kyung.)
- Is it spicy or not? - It's spicy.
It's really spicy.
(But your reaction is...)
It's hot pepper.
(Chae Kyung is still suffering.)
(Jae Hyun doesn't react much.)
- Let's pick some. - Shall we?
Here are some more. There are red ones.
Are the red ones spicy too?
(He tries the red one.)
(Chae Kyung can still taste the hot pepper.)
- Is it spicy? - This is the spiciest.
(This is the spiciest.)
- It must be hot pepper. - This is really spicy.
(Coughing)
(The strong spicy flavor gets to you slowly.)
(It's super spicy.)
I'm crying.
I'm really crying.
(Teary)
It'll be really spicy if you take the whole thing.
- Let's pick the red ones. - Red ones are really hot.
Let's tell them they're not spicy.
Okay.
- We have to pretend. - Okay.
(Pretend it's not spicy.)
Tell them it's crunchy like green pepper.
Okay. It tastes sweet.
- Let's practice. - This hot pepper tastes sweet.
- What does it taste like? - It's sweet. You should try.
It tastes sweet.
(Sung Hoon and Woo Jin are busy building a shelter.)
- Yes. - Guys, this is awesome.
- What is it? - It's amazing.
We picked some fruit.
- Fruit? - Do you know what it is?
- What is it? - Hot peppers.
Hot pepper is a fruit?
No. I have hot peppers.
- It's like green pepper. - It's kind of like green pepper.
It's similar.
- It's so good. - Really?
- Yes. - It's delicious?
- It's delicious. - Hot peppers are spicy.
- This isn't. - It's not spicy at all.
It's totally like green pepper. Look.
(They aren't sure.)
(Chae Kyung takes a bite.)
Isn't that a spicy one?
- Usually in Korea... - The small ones are spicy.
Yes, the small ones are spicy.
- No. - The small ones are spicy.
(It looks like I'll finish this.)
- Really. It's not spicy. - It's like green pepper.
For real. I can't eat spicy food.
There's a red one.
Do you want a red one or a green one?
- What about red one? - Red one?
Would you like the red chili pepper?
- Or the green one? - Goodness.
I'll go with the red one.
- Are you serious though? - Then...
It's really good.
(Everyone gets one.)
Here's the green one.
- Goodness, it looks... - Seriously. This looks...
It looks really spicy.
Smell it.
- It doesn't smell. - The smell...
(These con-artists are anxious.)
- It doesn't, right? - It smells really spicy.
- It's not spicy. - It's not spicy at all.
- Try it. - Don't you agree?
(Woo Jin puts the chili pepper in his mouth.)
Try it.
(Popping in)
(The spiciness...)
(kicks in.)
He really ate it. I told you I wouldn't eat it.
Are you serious?
- I'm just joking. - What?
I was just kidding, but it really is sweet.
- Isn't it tasty? - It's sweet, isn't it?
- How could this exist? - Isn't it sweet? I'm serious.
Where did you find them? You should get more.
- Are you serious? - But how can it be sweet though?
It's sweet, isn't it? It's like the cucumber chili pepper.
This is so interesting.
(Sung Hoon gives it some thought.)
It has that sweet and sour taste.
(Oh, my goodness)
(The spiciest taste attacks his palate.)
(Everyone is having a feast with the spicy chili peppers.)
(My mouth is on fire as well as my stomach.)
(He's unleashing what he's been holding back earlier.)
Gosh, this is so spicy!
(Unable to stay calm)
I endured it just to make him eat.
(Gulping down)
This is so spicy.
(The younger members are coming clean at last.)
My stomach hurts. It really does.
You know how your stomach hurts if you eat this on an empty stomach?
Goodness, that was good.
(They successfully deceive the Captain.)
(He's out of it.)
- This is no joke. - Why did you put up with it?
I wanted to trick you.
Goodness, you're incredible.
I was so shocked.
(I wanted you to join me. Sorry.)
My stomach really hurts.
Hey, we should give this to Roy.
(Give me the spicy chili pepper!)
We have to take the bananas too.
Give it to him with the bananas. Tell him they're both sweet.
- I should give them to him. - They are delicacies.
Unbelievable.
(Is Jong Hyuk doing okay though?)
(On the other hand, Jong Hyuk is carrying out the hidden mission.)
(A school of sharks appears.)
I couldn't count them. There weren't just a few of them.
(It's packed with sharks.)
I was looking at them from afar, but all of a sudden...
(Looking around)
(The expert is looking for someone before feeding them.)
(Hey, what are you doing over there? Come here.)
(Is he calling Jong Hyuk?)
I had my thumbs up without realizing it.
That was involuntary although that's not how I was feeling.
I was going forward.
I moved forward and stood there with the guide.
We both knelt down.
(He positioned himself on the way where the sharks pass by.)
(We filmed it safely with experts and verified life guards.)
When I was observing the situation,
it literally passed by right before my eyes.
(The sharks pass by before his eyes.)
(Startled)
(After he moves his spot, he sees them...)
(closer, and they seem more real.)
They were so big.
The biggest one was as big as a van.
(They were so big. The biggest one was as big as a van.)
It was swarming with sharks as long as 3m or 4m.
My heart was pounding, and I couldn't breathe well.
(The expert takes out the food and starts feeding them.)
(They usually feed sharks tuna or big fish's heads.)
(A shark comes closer after smelling the fish.)
(Unfamiliar-looking sharks...)
(approach in a herd.)
I didn't know the kind of sharks, but their mouths were square-shaped.
(What are their identities?)
What was the name of it? Was it a hammerhead shark?
It wasn't that.
The shark was getting close, but it took a turn.
I thought it was playing with me.
I think the shark did that on purpose.
They were so nice.
(Tawny nurse sharks have a mild personality and play with divers.)
(The shark circles around him, and doesn't leave.)
(Hey, play with me.)
(I'm nocturnal. So I'm going to hit the sack now.)
(Jong Hyuk is relieved after meeting a gentle shark.)
(Beyond the tawny nurse shark,)
(a bigger shark shows itself.)
(It looks quite fierce.)
(Bull sharks are 3rd most dangerous sharks. They're aggressive.)
(Their name's derived from their unpredictable behaviors.)
(They can survive both in the fresh water and sea. They hunt alone.)
(A sleek shark is passing above Jong Hyun's head.)
(Silvertip sharks are aggressive and powerful predators.)
(The top part has a bronze sheen, and the lower part is white.)
If I were to exaggerate slightly, it was as big as a van.
(Bigger and fiercer sharks are coming.)
Perhaps, it was bigger than a bus.
I mean the length of it.
It might not have been as thick as the bus.
But it was humongous.
(Experienced divers are nervous as there are more aggressive sharks.)
(This is an iron rod for self-defense.)
(Jong Hyuk is satisfied enough to observe it up close.)
(He's luring the sharks with the food.)
(The spectators are getting more nervous.)
I don't think I could feed the sharks personally.
They put on metal gloves.
The gloves are made of fine-meshed met.
It reduces the risk of getting hurt by the shark's teeth.
(The bull shark approaches after smelling the food.)
(Chugging it down)
(Swallowing)
(Shivering with fear)
(This time, a larger shark appears.)
(Looking massive)
(It passes in front of Jong Hyuk.)
(Oh, that scared me.)
(This is the biggest shark seen so far.)
(Piercing eyes)
(Terrifying teeth)
(Sand tiger sharks are quite mild despite their scary appearance.)
(It's the kind of sharks that live in the aquariums the most.)
Let me tell you how it sounds. When you hear them chewing underwater,
I can hear the sharks biting the fish's head.
As they munch the head, they swim away.
It passed by right before my eyes.
It had a fish's head as big as this.
When they take out the fish's heads, the sharks come after seeing them.
The sharks were...
right in front of me.
(Imitating sharks)
They came just like this.
One of them was right here. It was really this close.
At that moment...
(He froze for a moment.)
After biting the head, it swam around.
I couldn't even breathe.
(He felt the extreme fear of sharks.)
(In the midst of this, he put his thumbs up.)
(The shark...)
(bit the head...)
(right before my eyes.)
(This is amazing!)
(They are a sand tiger shark and a tawny nurse shark.)
(He's slowly getting used to seeing the sharks.)
(By the way, who are those fish on the sharks?)
(Shark suckers are not sharks. They are parasitic on sharks.)
(They use the suckers to stay on the sharks.)
(My name just has the word, "shark".)
(At that time, the fish are suddenly moving fast.)
They were supposed to circle around slowly...
and swim among other fish.
And they were supposed to come and have a head of a fish.
But all of a sudden, it looked like all of them were in a panic.
They started to circle around quickly.
(Fish got excited after the bucket with the food had been tipped over.)
(The number of fish grows abnormally.)
(Jong Hyuk is feeling flustered.)
(In the back, they're trying to clean up the mess.)
(At that moment,)
(a bull shark comes in Jong Hyuk's direction.)
(They send it away with a metal stick.)
It was then that I realized I am much slower...
and without any weapon.
I could barely breathe.
(It keeps coming in his direction.)
(Roar)
(Scared)
(They are moving in an unusual way.)
It began to beat its tail...
and swim between the fish.
It was looking for a prey.
It came in my direction...
with its eyes on me.
The bull shark swam...
like this.
I realized that something was wrong.
When I looked at the guide, he took a step back.
I took a step back too.
(He follows the guide and puts a safe distance.)
They began to circle me.
(The sharks begin to circle the vicinity.)
4 or 5 sharks began to gather.
I knew something was wrong.
I guess the guides also thought it was a dangerous situation.
They kept pushing the sharks away with a metal stick.
They pushed the sharks away...
by their sides.
However, the sharks were undeterred.
(The guides keep a distance from the sharks.)
(Jong Hyuk falters in panic.)
(At that moment,)
(a shark swims over Jong Hyuk with a prey in its mouth.)
(In the history of shark feeding in Fiji,)
I thought moving might make me a target.
(there hasn't been a single accident.)
Right in front of me, the sharks were getting pushed away.
(However, he can't help but feel scared.)
People may have a metal stick, but sharks are stronger in water.
(The team chases away the sharks to swim up to the surface.)
(A savior's hand reaches him.)
(Let's go up.)
(Jong Hyuk gets up quickly.)
I was searching for an opening.
When a few sharks were pushed away, I rose to the surface.
When I realized that I was safe again,
I could breathe again.
I mean...
The guides might experience it frequently,
but it was my first time experiencing something like that.
It was an experience of the lifetime.
When would I see sharks again...
right before my eyes?
(Biting)
It was an experience of the lifetime.
(He safely returns to the surface.)
(Amazed)
Sharks are sharks.
The final moment was...
(He feels all kinds of emotions.)
I mean...
They were like the sharks in "Jaws".
I saw those sharks.
There were more than 10 sharks circling above me.
I moved back a little...
and my legs float in water.
(He had a thrilling meeting with the 4 kinds of sharks.)
I am a bit proud of myself.
You succeeded in completing the mission.
I succeeded.
(Jong Hyuk succeeds in completing the shark feeding.)
I wish I could have fed them myself.
(Thank you for your hard work, Jong Hyuk.)
Meanwhile, Dindin and Da Rae set out to search for food.
Let's go.
As the Chief,
I will give you cassava as soon as I find it.
- I know what sugar cane looks like. - I want to eat sugar cane.
(Dindin has been to the jungle...)
(while Da Rae hasn't.)
There is nothing.
- Bananas! - Where?
Bananas!
- Look at those. - There are bananas.
This is incredible.
I brought a rope for a moment like this.
(A rope?)
I will show you why I am the Chief.
Let me untie this.
(Is it a weapon of his?)
(I, Chief Dindin will get food...)
(and recover my honor.)
- Untie it. - Untie it.
I need to do more than untie it. Anyone can untie a rope.
Putting it at the end adds a weight.
Now, I can use it...
to adjust the direction.
(Chief Dindin has a special way of harvesting bananas.)
(He is set.)
You added a weight to the rope.
(Take this.)
(It flies into the air and comes back to Dindin.)
Dindin, that will never work.
- Do you want to try it? - What is it, a boomerang?
- Wait a minute. - I think they are within our reach.
I will be able to get them when I step on this.
(Distrustful)
I am the Chief.
(Struggling)
I won't let you starve.
(He has pride as the Chief.)
(He is using his legs.)
- Be careful. Do you want support? - No. Give me a minute.
(I am Chief Dindin.)
Be careful.
- Here. - Nice.
- All right. - Nice.
I think the upper ones are tasty.
(How does Chief Dindin feel about getting food?)
When I picked a hand of bananas,
I did it in a cool way like the real chief.
I heard that many celebrities go out thanks to The Law of Jungle.
Is this it? Is this what it feels like?
Did you fall for him after seeing him pick bananas?
I thought it was a pitiful sight.
The banana tree was...
bigger than I expected.
I was worried that his feet wouldn't reach the ground.
I was worried.
Be careful.
(He axes in a pitiful way.)
- Do you want me to do it? - No, I don't want you to get hurt.
(If you really want to do it...)
Do you want to try it?
(They exchange places.)
That's the spot.
Put your right foot in there. Step up with your left foot.
(She begins with her left foot.)
I will look bad if you do a good job.
- Okay. - Are you in place?
- Yes. - Are you balanced?
(She axes without hesitation.)
This ax is nice.
(Da Rae, don't do this.)
(She kills it with one shot.)
You did it.
- Gosh, that was exhausting. - You didn't get hurt, right?
- No, I didn't. - Come back down.
Thank you.
(My goodness.)
I have nothing to do as the chief.
I guess so.
This is good.
- This is good. - This is good.
- This is good. - This is amazing.
Let's take them.
- This is good. - This is good.
This is our first find.
- This is our first find. - We are off to a good start.
Shall we look for cassavas?
I know what cassavas look like.
There has to be sugar cane.
I really want to eat sugar cane.
What is that on the tree?
What? You found them.
There they are.
There.
We can take these three.
(Cut nut is juicy and tasty.)
It's time to use the rope.
Let's use the rope.
I saw this in a movie.
- All right. It worked. - Did it work?
It worked. Look at this.
- In 1, 2. - In 1, 2, 3.
Okay.
- Three. - Okay.
- You did a good job. - Okay.
- It was really cool. - That was amazing.
- Okay. - Okay. Let's get it.
- Okay. - Let's get more.
Shall we take get those ones too?
- Shall we get three more? - There are three of us.
Okay.
(Chief Dindin will get them.)
(Binding)
Let's get it.
(He throws it with accuracy.)
(It lands in his right hand.)
What was that?
(Charismatic)
- I am Chief Dindin. - He caught it right away.
I won't let you starve. I won't let you starve today.
You are the Chief.
This should be in the best one minute of the program.
Is there anything to eat on the ground?
(They resume their search.)
There must be root vegetables.
- What is it? - What is that?
(Da Rae's scream makes Chief Dindin see it too.)
I am scared. I am scared.
I am scared.
(The production crew follows them.)
(What did they find?)
- Da Rae. - Chief Dindin.
(Next week)
What should we do?
(They must fight their fear.)
(You can't let your guard down in the jungle.)
(Is there an anaconda?)
(Da Rae, the queen of Gold Medal goes on a night hunt.)
(She navigates the night sea with confidence.)
(Will she end the target with one shot?)
(The last night at the jungle visits them.)
(Will they have a romantic ending in Fiji?)
(The Law of Jungle in Fiji)
(It's unfortunate, but I must leave first.)
(He packs up.)
(Do you need a mask?)
(An Idol singer's mask?)
(Every idol wears black mask.)
(Sung Hoon is very excited.)
(Jae Hyun is glad to see him happy.)
(Sung Hoon tries it right away.)
(He looks like an idol.)
- It looks cool. - Does it look cool?
- Yes. - Is it okay?
(I will put it on when I go back to Korea.)
Okay.
(The hottest variety show by the biggest stars)
("Master Key")
(Don't you think that's too much?)
(It's more daring and fun.)
(Who will hold the mastery key of this upgraded variety show?)
(How could you have such a muscular body?)
("Master Key", premiering on October 14)